WIP: Updating documentation to make Day 2 import process clearer (#4848)
openshift/assisted-service: docs/hive-integration/import-installed-cluster.md

# Import an existing OCP cluster as an Assisted Day 2 Cluster

> It is possible to take an existing OCP cluster and import this as a Day2 cluster into assisted so that additional workers may be added.

Reviewer: We're also starting to allow adding control plane nodes, so better to make it generic.  

```suggestion
It is possible to import an existing OCP cluster so that additional nodes may be added.
```

> Additional workers are added by downloading an ISO that has been generated from an InfraEnv linked to the imported cluster, the workers should be booted from this ISO.

Reviewer: Regarding this sentence and also the corresponding text below, we also have late binding, where the InfraEnv isn't linked to the cluster.  We may have agents that are already available and we just need to associate them with the clusterdeployment.

> Additional workers are added by downloading an ISO that has been generated from an InfraEnv linked to the imported cluster, the workers should be booted from this ISO.

Reviewer 2: ZTP should be supported as well, so i suggest just t keep the topic on day2 operations.
meaning that user can use a bmh in order to boot the host.

> This guide assumes that a Hub/Spoke configuration is being used and that the Hub has an installation of the Assisted Operator with Hive integration installed.

Reviewer: I think this sentence isn't necessary because the doc is under "hive-integration".

### Import the cluster and prepare it for the addition of Day2 workers:

#### 1: Create a namespace to which the imported cluster will belong.

```
cat << EOF | oc apply -f -
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  name: spoke-cluster
EOF
```

> #### 2: Set up a cluster image set, this requires a release image and a name. It's important that this matches the cluster being imported.

Reviewer 2: in ACM the infra owner is usually the one that create the cluster-image-set the one that creates the cluster may not have the ability to create image set.

  provisionRequirements:
    controlPlaneAgents: 1
  sshPublicKey: "ssh-rsa ..." # This field is optional but if you want to be able to log into nodes for troubleshooting purposes then this is handy.
EOF

# In addition to this, it is mandatory to define a reference to the `KubeConfig`, in the example above this is `some-other-cluster-admin-kubeconfig`
# Note that this is performed in the `clusterMetaData` stanza which requires definition of `clusterID` and `infraID`, for day2 purposes these may be empty strings.
# spec.baseDomain should match the domain being used for the cluster.

cat << EOF | oc apply -f -
apiVersion: hive.openshift.io/v1
kind: ClusterDeployment
metadata:
  name: some-other-cluster
  namespace: spoke-cluster
spec:
  baseDomain: redhat.com
  installed: true
  clusterMetadata:
      adminKubeconfigSecretRef:
        name: some-other-cluster-admin-kubeconfig
      clusterID: ""
      infraID: ""
  clusterInstallRef:
    group: extensions.hive.openshift.io
    kind: AgentClusterInstall
    name: some-other-cluster-install
    version: v1beta1
  clusterName: some-other-cluster
  platform:
    agentBareMetal:
  pullSecretRef:
    name: pull-secret
EOF

```

> #### 6: Add an infraenv linked to the cluster.

Reviewer 2: optional, we can support late binding as well.
